Yeah, sorry.
i
I didn't know that.
I warned you not to mess with me
You just don't listen
This one.
It seems that the dragon guard warned on the phone
You can't provoke Mr. Long, who needs to be treated well, right?
Are you Mr. Long?
Hey, I'm really sorry.
Let you have a bad experience
It's our employees who are not sensible.
He has been punished
In the future, training employees should be carefully considered
Yes, yes, don't worry.
Get out of here
Sorry Mr. Long
Mr. Long is all mine
Grandpa oops
It's all my business, it's all mine
I shouldn't have been so disrespectful to you
You spare me and give me a chance, Mr. Long
Oops give me a chance
I gave you a chance
You don't want it yourself.
Somebody take him away from me
Don't come here to be Mr. Lenghong's eyes
No no no no
Please give me another chance, Mr Wang.
I don't look down on people anymore
Get away! I'll hit you
Come on, Mr. Long
See if you have any cars you want to buy today.
Just walk in and have a look.
How about stars
I said I would protect you
I mean what I say.